Using `dvc.yaml` instead of `artifacts.yaml` (#4516)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/start/experiments/experiment-tracking.md

from dvclive.lightning import DVCLiveLogger

...

> with Live(save_dvc_exp=True) as live:

Reviewer: Let's also add `log_artifact` to the examples in https://dvc.org/doc/dvclive/ml-frameworks.

Author: This will take a while since I'm not that familiar with each of them. Adding this to your comment, and let's do this in a follow-up PR.

    trainer = Trainer(

>         logger=DVCLiveLogger(save_dvc_exp=True),

Reviewer: Do we need to pass `DVCLiveLogger(save_dvc_exp=True, experiment=live)` here (and similar for the other examples)?

Reviewer 2: Yes, I didn´t notice.

Author: updated, please check!

        default_root_dir="mymodel"
    )
    trainer.fit(model)

>     live.log_artifact("mymodel", type="model")

Reviewer: Not sure this pattern is that helpful for model registry since it will save the full directory of checkpoints. WDYT about something like this:

```
with Live(save_dvc_exp=True) as live:
    checkpoint = pl.callbacks.ModelCheckpoint(dirpath="mymodel")
    trainer = Trainer(
        logger=DVCLiveLogger(save_dvc_exp=True), callbacks=checkpoint
    )
    trainer.fit(model)
    live.log_artifact(checkpoint.best_model_path, type="model")
```

Reviewer 2: If we do this for lightning, we should probably also update the setup for the other tabs so the best model is the one logged instead of the latest

Author: > we should probably also update the setup for the other tabs

Not quite get for which tabs exactly. For HF we save best iteration explicitly IIUC, for General Python API this is irrelevant, and for keras I'm also not sure we're saving each iteration. Can you please explain @daavoo ?

        for metric_name, value in metrics.items():
            live.log_metric(metric_name, value)
        live.next_step()

    live.log_artifact("model.pkl", type="model")

> ```

Reviewer: Feels like we need one sentence at the end of this section (below these examples) to explain log_artifact (saves artifacts with dvc and enables managing them with model registry).

Author: edited paragraph few lines below to explain this.

Framework and any
[data tracked by DVC](/doc/start/data-management/data-versioning) but you can
also [log additional info](/doc/dvclive#log-data) to be included in the
experiment. `live.log_artifact("mymodel", type="model")` will

> [track your model with DVC](/doc/dvclive#log-data) and enable managing it with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[track your model with DVC](/doc/dvclive/live/log-artifact) and enable managing it with
```

The current link just goes to a similar code snippet that then refers to /doc/dvclive/live/log-artifact.
